McKoiAdapter : Mckoi SQL Database ( 1.0.3 ) version=1.0.3, major=1, minor=0, revision=3
Identifier Names : UPPERCASE
Driver name=Mckoi JDBC Driver, version=1.0, major=1, minor=0
Identifier Max Lengths : Table=128 Column=128 Constraint=128 Index=128 Delimeters="
Identifier Support in DDL : catalog=false schema=true

JPOX SchemaTool : Database Type Info
org.jpox.store.rdbms.typeinfo.McKoiTypeInfo
typeName = BINARY
jdbcTypeName = Types.BINARY
dataType = -2
precision = 9
literalPrefix = null
literalSuffix = null
createParams = null
nullable = 1
caseSensitive = true
searchable = 0
unsignedAttribute = false
fixedPrecScale = false
autoIncrement = false
localTypeName = null
minimumScale = 0
maximumScale = -27008
numPrecRadix = 10

org.jpox.store.rdbms.typeinfo.McKoiTypeInfo
typeName = INTEGER
jdbcTypeName = Types.INTEGER
dataType = 4
precision = 9
literalPrefix = null
literalSuffix = null
createParams = null
nullable = 1
caseSensitive = true
searchable = 3
unsignedAttribute = false
fixedPrecScale = false
autoIncrement = false
localTypeName = null
minimumScale = 0
maximumScale = -27008
numPrecRadix = 10

org.jpox.store.rdbms.typeinfo.McKoiTypeInfo
typeName = TINYINT
jdbcTypeName = Types.TINYINT
dataType = -6
precision = 9
literalPrefix = null
literalSuffix = null
createParams = null
nullable = 1
caseSensitive = true
searchable = 3
unsignedAttribute = false
fixedPrecScale = false
autoIncrement = false
localTypeName = null
minimumScale = 0
maximumScale = -27008
numPrecRadix = 10

org.jpox.store.rdbms.typeinfo.McKoiTypeInfo
typeName = DOUBLE
jdbcTypeName = Types.DOUBLE
dataType = 8
precision = 9
literalPrefix = null
literalSuffix = null
createParams = null
nullable = 1
caseSensitive = true
searchable = 3
unsignedAttribute = false
fixedPrecScale = false
autoIncrement = false
localTypeName = null
minimumScale = 0
maximumScale = -27008
numPrecRadix = 10

org.jpox.store.rdbms.typeinfo.McKoiTypeInfo
typeName = LONGVARCHAR
jdbcTypeName = Types.LONGVARCHAR
dataType = -1
precision = 9
literalPrefix = '
literalSuffix = '
createParams = null
nullable = 1
caseSensitive = true
searchable = 3
unsignedAttribute = false
fixedPrecScale = false
autoIncrement = false
localTypeName = null
minimumScale = 0
maximumScale = -27008
numPrecRadix = 10

org.jpox.store.rdbms.typeinfo.McKoiTypeInfo
typeName = DECIMAL
jdbcTypeName = Types.DECIMAL
dataType = 3
precision = 9
literalPrefix = null
literalSuffix = null
createParams = null
nullable = 1
caseSensitive = true
searchable = 3
unsignedAttribute = false
fixedPrecScale = false
autoIncrement = false
localTypeName = null
minimumScale = 0
maximumScale = -27008
numPrecRadix = 10

org.jpox.store.rdbms.typeinfo.McKoiTypeInfo
typeName = DATE
jdbcTypeName = Types.DATE
dataType = 91
precision = 9
literalPrefix = null
literalSuffix = null
createParams = null
nullable = 1
caseSensitive = true
searchable = 3
unsignedAttribute = false
fixedPrecScale = false
autoIncrement = false
localTypeName = null
minimumScale = 0
maximumScale = -27008
numPrecRadix = 10

org.jpox.store.rdbms.typeinfo.McKoiTypeInfo
typeName = REAL
jdbcTypeName = Types.REAL
dataType = 7
precision = 9
literalPrefix = null
literalSuffix = null
createParams = null
nullable = 1
caseSensitive = true
searchable = 3
unsignedAttribute = false
fixedPrecScale = false
autoIncrement = false
localTypeName = null
minimumScale = 0
maximumScale = -27008
numPrecRadix = 10

org.jpox.store.rdbms.typeinfo.McKoiTypeInfo
typeName = VARCHAR
jdbcTypeName = Types.VARCHAR
dataType = 12
precision = 2147483647
literalPrefix = '
literalSuffix = '
createParams = null
nullable = 1
caseSensitive = true
searchable = 3
unsignedAttribute = false
fixedPrecScale = false
autoIncrement = false
localTypeName = null
minimumScale = 0
maximumScale = -27008
numPrecRadix = 10

org.jpox.store.rdbms.typeinfo.McKoiTypeInfo
typeName = BIGINT
jdbcTypeName = Types.BIGINT
dataType = -5
precision = 9
literalPrefix = null
literalSuffix = null
createParams = null
nullable = 1
caseSensitive = true
searchable = 3
unsignedAttribute = false
fixedPrecScale = false
autoIncrement = false
localTypeName = null
minimumScale = 0
maximumScale = -27008
numPrecRadix = 10

org.jpox.store.rdbms.typeinfo.McKoiTypeInfo
typeName = NUMERIC
jdbcTypeName = Types.NUMERIC
dataType = 2
precision = 9
literalPrefix = null
literalSuffix = null
createParams = null
nullable = 1
caseSensitive = true
searchable = 3
unsignedAttribute = false
fixedPrecScale = false
autoIncrement = false
localTypeName = null
minimumScale = 0
maximumScale = -27008
numPrecRadix = 10

org.jpox.store.rdbms.typeinfo.McKoiTypeInfo
typeName = LONGVARBINARY
jdbcTypeName = Types.LONGVARBINARY
dataType = -4
precision = 9
literalPrefix = null
literalSuffix = null
createParams = null
nullable = 1
caseSensitive = true
searchable = 0
unsignedAttribute = false
fixedPrecScale = false
autoIncrement = false
localTypeName = null
minimumScale = 0
maximumScale = -27008
numPrecRadix = 10

org.jpox.store.rdbms.typeinfo.McKoiTypeInfo
typeName = TIME
jdbcTypeName = Types.TIME
dataType = 92
precision = 9
literalPrefix = null
literalSuffix = null
createParams = null
nullable = 1
caseSensitive = true
searchable = 3
unsignedAttribute = false
fixedPrecScale = false
autoIncrement = false
localTypeName = null
minimumScale = 0
maximumScale = -27008
numPrecRadix = 10

org.jpox.store.rdbms.typeinfo.McKoiTypeInfo
typeName = JAVA_OBJECT
jdbcTypeName = Types.JAVA_OBJECT
dataType = 2000
precision = 9
literalPrefix = null
literalSuffix = null
createParams = null
nullable = 1
caseSensitive = true
searchable = 0
unsignedAttribute = false
fixedPrecScale = false
autoIncrement = false
localTypeName = null
minimumScale = 0
maximumScale = -27008
numPrecRadix = 10

org.jpox.store.rdbms.typeinfo.McKoiTypeInfo
typeName = FLOAT
jdbcTypeName = Types.FLOAT
dataType = 6
precision = 9
literalPrefix = null
literalSuffix = null
createParams = null
nullable = 1
caseSensitive = true
searchable = 3
unsignedAttribute = false
fixedPrecScale = false
autoIncrement = false
localTypeName = null
minimumScale = 0
maximumScale = -27008
numPrecRadix = 10

org.jpox.store.rdbms.typeinfo.McKoiTypeInfo
typeName = CHAR
jdbcTypeName = Types.CHAR
dataType = 1
precision = 2147483647
literalPrefix = '
literalSuffix = '
createParams = null
nullable = 1
caseSensitive = true
searchable = 3
unsignedAttribute = false
fixedPrecScale = false
autoIncrement = false
localTypeName = null
minimumScale = 0
maximumScale = -27008
numPrecRadix = 10

org.jpox.store.rdbms.typeinfo.McKoiTypeInfo
typeName = VARBINARY
jdbcTypeName = Types.VARBINARY
dataType = -3
precision = 9
literalPrefix = null
literalSuffix = null
createParams = null
nullable = 1
caseSensitive = true
searchable = 0
unsignedAttribute = false
fixedPrecScale = false
autoIncrement = false
localTypeName = null
minimumScale = 0
maximumScale = -27008
numPrecRadix = 10

org.jpox.store.rdbms.typeinfo.McKoiTypeInfo
typeName = TIMESTAMP
jdbcTypeName = Types.TIMESTAMP
dataType = 93
precision = 9
literalPrefix = null
literalSuffix = null
createParams = null
nullable = 1
caseSensitive = true
searchable = 3
unsignedAttribute = false
fixedPrecScale = false
autoIncrement = false
localTypeName = null
minimumScale = 0
maximumScale = -27008
numPrecRadix = 10

org.jpox.store.rdbms.typeinfo.McKoiTypeInfo
typeName = BIT
jdbcTypeName = Types.BIT
dataType = -7
precision = 1
literalPrefix = null
literalSuffix = null
createParams = null
nullable = 1
caseSensitive = true
searchable = 3
unsignedAttribute = false
fixedPrecScale = false
autoIncrement = false
localTypeName = null
minimumScale = 0
maximumScale = -27008
numPrecRadix = 10

org.jpox.store.rdbms.typeinfo.McKoiTypeInfo
typeName = SMALLINT
jdbcTypeName = Types.SMALLINT
dataType = 5
precision = 9
literalPrefix = null
literalSuffix = null
createParams = null
nullable = 1
caseSensitive = true
searchable = 3
unsignedAttribute = false
fixedPrecScale = false
autoIncrement = false
localTypeName = null
minimumScale = 0
maximumScale = -27008
numPrecRadix = 10


JPOX SchemaTool : Database Keywords
INDEX
MAP
FETCH
INTO
ORDINALITY
NUMBER
METHOD
COLUMN_NAME
ATOMIC
CALLED
VIEW
LOCALTIMESTAMP
UNCOMMITTED
COLLATION_NAME
CONNECT
TIMEZONE_MINUTE
BINARY
CONTINUE
CONSTRAINT_SCHEMA
CONSTRAINT
COBOL
DETERMINISTIC
SELECT
MODULE
CONNECTION
NUMERIC
INDEX_NONE
GO
SESSION
UNION
LONGVARCHAR
NONE
STRING
UPDATE
ZONE
SCALE
ARE
ANY
GROUPS
EQUALS
BOOLEAN
SESSION_USER
TINYINT
NULL
DIAGNOSTICS
TEXT
SET
MESSAGE_TEXT
ACCOUNT
INDICATOR
DAY
UNIQUE
PATH
TYPE
PUBLIC
CANONICAL_DECOMPOSITION
CALLBACK
LONG
NULLABLE
INPUT
EXPLAIN
ELSEIF
LAST
FLOAT
UNLOCK
VALUES
OLD
OUT
OR
AFTER
FULL
INTEGER
PRIVILEGES
CORRESPONDING
RELEASE
SQLERROR
CONNECTION_NAME
ESCAPE
CURRENT_TRANSFORM_GROUP_FOR_TYPE
MUMPS
EXIT
CURRENT_DATE
CYCLE
REAL
SUM
CONDITION_NUMBER
WHENEVER
CHARACTER_LENGTH
FROM
DELETE
MAX
NULLIF
DO
CONSTRAINT_CATALOG
SUBSTRING
ONLY
CURRENT_TIME
MATCH
LIKE
COMMIT
NATIONAL
SMALLINT
SQLWARNING
IF
CALL
DISCONNECT
FOR
LOCALTIME
MODIFIES
PRESERVE
DEFAULT
AVG
CURSOR
BEFORE
DEREF
NOT
OPTION
LIMIT
INSENSITIVE
UNDO
TREAT
ASENSITIVE
RETURNED_SQLSTATE
SUBMULTISET
USAGE
GENERAL
FORTRAN
AND
SERIALIZABLE
CASCADED
FUNCTION
GLOBAL
ROLLBACK
REGEX
DATE
BETWEEN
BOTH
FREE
INTERSECT
AT
DISTINCT
CACHE
SYSTEM_USER
PRIOR
TRANSLATE
NEW
DATA
SERVER_NAME
SCROLL
CASE
ITERATE
TABLE
DEALLOCATE
SQLCODE
KEY
SECONDARY_STRENGTH
AUTO
LOCK
COLUMN
NAME
EACH
CREATE
WHERE
CHARACTER_SET_NAME
WITHOUT
USING
LEADING
INITIALLY
TIMEZONE_HOUR
CHAR_LENGTH
CURSOR_NAME
VALUE
DECIMAL
COLLATION_CATALOG
SUBCLASS_ORIGIN
DATETIME_INTERVAL_CODE
EXEC
VARBINARY
TRANSLATION
MERGE
GROUP
IDENTITY
SCOPE
TEMPORARY
RESULT
OUTER
GROUPING
SHOW
SQL
CATALOG_NAME
UNDER
SPECIFIC
ROLLUP
BLOB
IMMEDIATE
USER
NO
ALLOCATE
ROUTINE
COLLATION
SEQUENCE
NAMES
CLOSE
PARAMETER
REVOKE
MESSAGE_OCTET_LENGTH
CLASS_ORIGIN
COLLATION_SCHEMA
EXISTS
CURRENT_TIMESTAMP
SPECIFICTYPE
END
WORK
SAVEPOINT
NATURAL
FULL_DECOMPOSITION
ASYMMETRIC
INCREMENT
ON
RECURSIVE
RELATIVE
ORDER
COLLATE
SIMILAR
GET
SYSTEM
CONDITION
FOUND
CHARACTER_SET_CATALOG
UNTIL
MONTH
DESC
DECLARE
TRIM
PREPARE
BREADTH
MAXVALUE
ASSERTION
PRIMARY
RANGE
FILTER
WHEN
OVER
CURRENT_ROLE
COMMAND_FUNCTION
YEAR
ABSOLUTE
SYMMETRIC
CATALOG
REPEAT
OPTIMIZE
CURRENT_DEFAULT_TRANSFORM_GROUP
STATIC
TIME
CONSTRAINT_NAME
ALTER
ELSE
SENSITIVE
BIGINT
COUNT
DYNAMIC
LONGVARBINARY
UNNEST
HAVING
COMPACT
TRUE
ADD
SEARCH
UNKNOWN
GRANT
MINUTE
OUTPUT
PARTITION
EXTERNAL
RESIGNAL
RESTRICT
CUBE
CAST
PROCEDURE
LOCATOR
EXECUTE
GOTO
EXCEPT
COALESCE
END-EXEC
MESSAGE_LENGTH
TIMESTAMP
BY
SECOND
POSITION
INT
DESCRIBE
IGNORE
UNNAMED
USE
DYNAMIC_FUNCTION
CURRENT_PATH
CHARACTER
TRAILING
JOIN
HANDLER
WHILE
PRIMARY_STRENGTH
LATERAL
DESCRIPTOR
DEFERRABLE
RETURNED_OCTET_LENGTH
TABLESAMPLE
PRECISION
WITH
IN
IDENTICAL_STRENGTH
SOME
CLOB
DROP
NEXT
DEC
PARTIAL
RETURN
NCLOB
PASCAL
SQLSTATE
INOUT
REPEATABLE
READ
EXCEPTION
INTERVAL
STATE
WITHIN
ELEMENT
AS
ARRAY
MORE
DOUBLE
DEPTH
ADA
FALSE
INDEX_BLIST
THEN
JAVA_OBJECT
REF
FOREIGN
AUTHORIZATION
MULTISET
DATETIME_INTERVAL_PRECISION
TO
JAVA
LOCAL
RIGHT
TABLE_NAME
TRIGGER
LANGUAGE
CONSTRAINTS
LEVEL
SCHEMA
MEMBER
SPACE
CASCADE
CHAR
NCHAR
WRITE
LOOP
OF
LOWER
HOLD
WINDOW
VARCHAR
CURRENT_USER
SCHEMA_NAME
DEFERRED
SECTION
C
OPEN
REFERENCES
CHECK
FIRST
DOMAIN
PAD
ALL
INSERT
VARYING
SIGNAL
CURRENT
ROW_COUNT
INNER
MINVALUE
ROWS
PLI
BIT
SETS
CHARACTER_SET_SCHEMA
BIT_LENGTH
START
LEFT
OCTET_LENGTH
REFERENCING
OBJECT
OVERLAPS
RETURNED_LENGTH
SQLEXCEPTION
READS
ISOLATION
LENGTH
IS
SHUTDOWN
ACTION
MIN
ASC
RETURNS
BEGIN
HOUR
CONSTRUCTOR
CONVERT
PASSWORD
TERTIARY_STRENGTH
LEAVE
UPPER
EXTRACT
NO_DECOMPOSITION
CROSS
SIZE
LARGE
COMMITTED
ROLE
TRANSACTION
ROW
